index.md, before:

# Computing for mathematics

This website contains the lab sheets for the first term of Computing for Mathematics. Each lab sheet contains links to a number of videos that should help with the exercises.
                 


## Lab Sheets

1. Lab Sheets 1: Conditional Statements, flow control and functions

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_02.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_02.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_02.docx)

2. Lab Sheets 2:  Data Structurs and Recursion

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_03.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_03.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_03.docx)

3. Lab Sheets 3:  Sorting and Searching Algorithms

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_04.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_04.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_04.docx)

4. Lab Sheets 4:  Object Orientated Programming

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_05.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_05.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_05.docx)

5. Lab Sheets 5: Algebra

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_06.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_06.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_06.docx)

6. Lab Sheets 6: Symbolic Calculus

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_07.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_07.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_07.docx)

7. Lab Sheets 7: Linear Algebra

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_08.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_08.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_08.docx)

8. Lab Sheets 8: Differential Equations

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_09.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_09.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_09.docx)

9. Lab Sheets 9: LaTeX

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_10.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_10.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_10.docx)

The reading list can be found [here](./readinglist.html).

([My personal website](http://www.vincent-knight.com/))

<script type="text/javascript">

  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-38016329-2']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'github.com']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);

  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();

</script>

Commit message:

updated website to include handouts

index.md, after:

# Computing for mathematics

This website contains the lab sheets for the first term of Computing for Mathematics. Each lab sheet contains links to a number of videos that should help with the exercises.
                 


## Lab Sheets

1. Lab Sheets 1: Conditional Statements, flow control and functions

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_02.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_02.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_02.docx)

2. Lab Sheets 2:  Data Structurs and Recursion

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_03.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_03.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_03.docx)

3. Lab Sheets 3:  Sorting and Searching Algorithms

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_04.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_04.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_04.docx)

4. Lab Sheets 4:  Object Orientated Programming

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_05.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_05.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_05.docx)

5. Lab Sheets 5: Algebra

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_06.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_06.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_06.docx)

6. Lab Sheets 6: Symbolic Calculus

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_07.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_07.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_07.docx)

7. Lab Sheets 7: Linear Algebra

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_08.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_08.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_08.docx)

8. Lab Sheets 8: Differential Equations

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_09.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_09.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_09.docx)

9. Lab Sheets 9: LaTeX

	[html (recommended)](./LabSheets/Week_10.html), [pdf](./LabSheets/Week_10.pdf), [docx](./LabSheets/Week_10.docx)


## Handouts

1. Handout 1: What you need to know

	[html (recommended)](./Handouts/handout01.html), [pdf](./Handouts/handout01.pdf), [docx](./Handouts/handout01.docx)

The reading list can be found [here](./readinglist.html).

([My personal website](http://www.vincent-knight.com/))

<script type="text/javascript">

  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-38016329-2']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'github.com']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);

  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();

</script>
